# 1.19.50 Update Info

### Additions
> Added the "Next Major Update" experimental toggle. <br>
> Added a new flow to introduce the new Minecraft Cast Characters and how to use said characters as one's appearance. <br>

### Changes
> While playing tag, baby villagers will now run at a quicker speed that matches Java Edition. <br>
> Updated vex model and texture. <br>
> The vex retains a slightly larger hitbox to make it easier to fight.<br>
> Spectator Mode Moved from an experimental toggle into the base game. <br>
> The updated /execute command syntax, more similar to Java Edition, is no longer behind the "Upcoming Creator Features" experimental toggle.<br>
> Removed the 'Spectator Mode' toggle.<br>

### Touch Controls
> Removed the action delay from attack and interact buttons.<br>
> When the joystick is unlocked, the draggable range has been changed to be the same as the when the joystick is locked.<br>
> In both modes, if auto-sprinting is enabled, it will start when the joystick is dragged slightly above the background. The auto-sprint will disengage if the joystick control is subsequently moved back into the joystick background area.<br>
> A tap gesture will now fire a charged crossbow. Previously it was necessary to hold the gesture for 400 milliseconds before the bolt would fire.<br>

### Experimental
> A plank variant exclusive to the bamboo wood set.<br>
> Can be crafted with 2 bamboo slabs arranged in a vertical strip.<br>
> The bamboo mosaic has its own stair and slab variant.<br>
> <strong>Buttons, doors, fences, fence gates, planks, pressure plates, signs, slabs, stairs, and trapdoors:</strong><br>
> Added their bamboo variants.<br>
> Bamboo planks can be crafted by arranging 4 bamboo in a 2x2 format in the crafting grid.<br>
> <strong>Chiseled Bookshelves:</strong><br>
> Can be crafted with 6 planks and 3 wooden slabs.<br>
> Can store up to 6 books, books and quills, written books, and enchanted books.<br>
> Can interact with redstone comparators.<br>
> <strong>Hanging Signs:</strong><br>
> A more expensive version of normal signs, which can be crafted with 2 chains and 6 stripped logs, resulting 6 of them.<br>
> Can be hung up in the following ways:<br>
> Underneath a block that can provide support in the center.<br>
> When the hanging sign is placed underneath a full block, the chains will be on parallel sides of the sign.<br>
> When the hanging sign is placed underneath a non-full block, such as a fence, or when placed while sneaking, the chains will take on an upside-down v-shape.<br>
> Attached to the solid side of a block.<br>
> Attached to the side or underneath another hanging sign.<br>
> Cannot be placed directly on the ground without support from the side or above.<br>
> However, hanging signs that have a horizontal bar will not pop when the supporting block is removed.<br>
> <strong>Camels:</strong><br>
> Can be equipped with a saddle and ridden by two players.<br>
> Spawn naturally in desert villages.<br>
> Can walk over fences.<br>
> Will randomly sit down.<br>
> While sitting, it is difficult to convince them to move.<br>
> Can either walk slowly or sprint quickly.<br>
> Can also dash forward but will lose stamina for a while.<br>
